Complete Self-Evaluation

Assessment Period: 01/01/2025 - 12/31/2025

Mid-Year Performance Review Key Steps:

Our approach to performance management brings increased flexibility and a streamlined process for both leaders and colleagues. Outlined below are the high-level key steps in the Mid-Year Performance Review process.

1. Colleague Self-Evaluation

• Colleague can request feedback on themselves or provide their leader with a list of stakeholders who can offer meaningful feedback on their performance throughout the assessment period. All feedback provided throughout the assessment period that is selected to Share With Others will be displayed in the Mid-Year Review form for reference. 

• Colleague documents progress and results achieved against goals and demonstration of Heart At Work Behaviors™ when delivering on those goals and submits Self-Evaluation to leader. 

• Once colleague submits the Self-Evaluation form, the leader will immediately gain access to complete the Leader Evaluation task. 

2. Leader Evaluation

• Leader reviews colleague’s Self-Evaluation comments and feedback from stakeholders to integrate into their Mid-Year Review comments. 

• Leader documents and finalizes comments on colleague’s progress for achievement of goals and demonstration of Heart At Work Behaviors™ when delivering on those goals.

• Leader can send form back to Self-Evaluation, if necessary, during the Leader Evaluation step by opening the Leader Evaluation form and navigating to the Review and Submit tab to select ' Send Back.' Colleagues must then resubmit the form to return it to the Leader Evaluation step. 

• If leader is still making edits to the Leader Evaluation, select 'Save for Later' on the Review and Submit tab to maintain access. 

3. Mid-Year Performance and Feedback Discussion

• Leader and colleague meet 1:1 to discuss performance against achievement of goals, demonstration of Heart At Work Behaviors™ and expectations of collaboration and productivity going forward.

• Leader and colleague should reflect on accomplishments and discuss areas of opportunity for continued development and growth.

• Leader and colleague should discuss colleague's individual development goals tied to their personal career aspirations.

4. Submit Deliver Performance Discussion Task

• After leader and colleague hold performance and feedback discussion, leader submits the Deliver Performance Discussion task. This provides the colleague with the Mid-Year Review form details, including leader comments and ratings. Submission of this task serves as the leader's acknowledgement of the performance and feedback discussion. 

5. Colleague Acknowledgement

• Colleague acknowledges the Mid-Year performance and feedback discussion occurred and submits Acknowledgment task in Workday.




Goals
Document Goal Achievement

•    In this section, summarize comments regarding goal achievement. Remember, as part of our performance management strategy, we measure performance equally based on WHAT we deliver and HOW we achieve results.
•    All goals that have been assigned a due date during the performance review period will automatically populate within the performance review form. Colleagues and leaders have the option to add new goals directly within the performance review form as well. 
•    Colleagues should enter Self-Evaluation comments pertaining to progress toward goal achievement, which will be available for the leader to reference within the performance review form.
•    Leaders should enter comments summarizing the colleague's results achieved against goals.

Add Existing
Add Existing
0 items selected
Goal
Goal


Description, Actions, Metrics, and Key Dates
Description, Actions, Metrics, and Key Dates


Due Date
Due Date
current value is MM/DD/YYYY
MM
DD
YYYY
Status
Status
select one




Heart At Work Behaviors™
Document Demonstration of Heart At Work Behaviors™

•    In this section, summarize the Heart At Work Behaviors™ demonstrated while working to achieve goals. Remember, it is not only WHAT you achieve but HOW you interact with colleagues and customers to achieve results.
•    Colleagues should enter Self-Evaluation comments pertaining to demonstration of Heart At Work Behaviors™, which will be available for the leader to reference within the performance review form.
•    Leaders should enter comments summarizing how the colleague demonstrated Heart At Work Behaviors™ when delivering against the goals. 

6 items

Heart At Work Behaviors
Sort column

Description
Sort column
Put people first
We are customer obsessed. We walk in others’ shoes to improve the customer and colleague experience. We create an engaging and inclusive work environment where our colleagues reflect the diversity of our customers.

Rise to the challenge
We boldly innovate to care for our customers. We act swiftly and adapt to feedback. We think big and are willing to take smart risks to innovate. We welcome different points of view and learn from mistakes.

Join forces
We unite around our goal of serving the customer. We work across teams to provide the best care possible. We listen and learn from each other. We are conscious of our impact on customers, colleagues, and the company. 

Create simplicity
We design for our customers. We continuously simplify by removing extra steps and innovating to create streamlined solutions. We focus on what matters most to our customers and empower those colleagues closest to the work to make the right call.

Inspire trust
We work to earn the trust of our customers and colleagues by meeting our commitments and acting with integrity. We bravely do the right thing, even when it is hard. We speak up to challenge ideas and do so with heart.

Champion safety and quality
We are relentless in our pursuit of the safest and highest quality care. We know that in order to keep patients and consumers safe, our colleagues must also feel safe and protected. We ensure safety is at the heart of every decision we make and everything we do.
 

Colleague Summary
Add Comment
Add Comment



Overall Performance
Document Overall Performance 

•    In this section, summarize overall performance comments and provide examples of what and how those results were achieved.
•    Colleagues should enter Self-Evaluation comments pertaining to overall performance, which the leader can reference within the performance review form.
•    Leaders should enter Leader Evaluation comments summarizing overall performance. 

Colleague
Add Comment
Add Comment


Development Discussion
A culture of growth and development:

At CVS Health, we believe colleagues should feel empowered to own and drive their career development. Leaders should be supportive by welcoming career conversations and recommending opportunities for their team members to learn and grow. Regular and ongoing development discussions help leaders and colleagues understand individual career aspirations, development needs and ways they can enhance their skills. While development conversations can take place at any time, Goal Setting, Mid-Year and Year-End Performance Reviews are excellent opportunities for colleagues and leaders to check in on development progress to date. 

A development plan is key:

An up-to-date development plan ensures self-accountability and success and can guide development conversations with leaders. Colleagues should reference their plan often to track progress and modify learning activities. It’s important to not only include formal learning (e.g., a training session), but also relationships (e.g., working with a mentor or coach) and experiences (e.g., stretch assignments or job shadowing).
 
To Do: 

•    Use the form below to document 2-3 development activities that align to your short-term career ambitions. Example: Improve project leadership skills.
•    Identify specific actions to support each development activity and list under “additional information.” Include a variety of learning types such as skills training, education, mentoring, work experiences, etc. Example: Complete Influencing Skills workshop; solicit feedback after leadership presentation; volunteer to lead XYZ project.
•    Outline start and end dates for completing each action.
•    Discuss your development plan with your leader and how they can support your goals.
•    Review your development plan regularly to update progress and dates as you complete development actions.





	Store-Category Clustering	B	Exploration	Footfall trade areas	IP: Weighting external features by customer distance (e.g., 70% of customers); Google mobility data, Overlap with "ExtraCare" customers - supplementing Footfall in ultra dense areas, Loyalty factor and market share	Procurement / IT / Market Research	H	5 (weeks IT in proc)	Q2	JY, BCG	Procurement, Mkt. Research	Exploration in early Q2; implementation TBD	
	Store-Category Clustering	W	Production	BAU: New stores	Done: Logic to assign of new stores to existing clusters		H	2	Q2	JY, BCG		Pre-scaling (~Aug)	
	Store-Category Clustering	B	Tooling	Visualize clusters (Dashboard UI)	IP: Backlog tool screen - results for business input and profiling		M	2 Wks	Q2	V, Palantir	V, Palantir, Tiff	MVP (Viz.) not interaction/manipulation	
	Store-Category Clustering	B	Fine-Tuning	Comparison to previous	Done: Compare new cluster result to previous		M	2	Q1	BCG, JY			
	Store-Category Clustering	B	Fine-Tuning	Flexibility: Granularity for Store Cluster	Done:  Additonal exploration and enhancements for store-clustering granularity (e.g., Category -> Align to NS; item-store POG)	BAU templates	M	5	Q2	JY, BCG			
	Store-Category Clustering	W	IT Request	Procure additonal external attributes	IP: Footfall, Expenditure are external datasets - one time vs. continued use	Procurement / IT	M	Weeks	Q1/2	BCG, K		Searching data assets, identifying existing vendors	
	Store-Category Clustering	B/W	IT Request	Clustering model card	Documentation supporting RAI practices	IT feedback on model card; Business	L	2	Q2	BCG	AI Governance		
	Store-Category Clustering	B	Fine-Tuning	Grid search of clustering	IP: Micro optimization model to determine the optimal clusters		L	Q4	Q3	JY			
	Store-Category Clustering	B	Fine-Tuning	Objective external selection	IP: Additonal exploration and enhancements for additional data features		L	5	Q3	JY,K			
	Store-Category Clustering	W	Production	Additonal run-time optimization	Done:  Further improvements to improve speed; Kubeflow and Github testing and integration completed		L	5	Q3	JY			
	Store-Category Clustering	B	Fine-Tuning	Testing different Clustering Algos (including embeddings)	IP: Experimenting with Hierarchical, DBSCAN, embeddings (combined with K-means), and other algorithms		H	2 Wks	Q3/4	JY			
	Store-Category Clustering	B	Fine-Tuning	Cluster Description	IP: Pipeline to auto-profile clusters (e.g., cluster name and cluster description)		H	2 Wks	Q3/4	JY			
	Store-Category Clustering	B	Fine-Tuning	Grocery West - Non-West	Done: Category Nuances		M	3	Q2	JY			
	Store-Category Clustering	B	Production	Configuration	enable configurations directly in the UI pipeline.		L/M	2	Q3	JY			
	Store-Category Clustering	B	Fine-Tuning	Feature Engineering Engine	Done: Implemented a comprehensive feature engineering module, incorporating advanced techniques for data transformation, imputation, normalization, outlier handling, and dimensionality reduction across all data segments		M	2 Wks	Q2	JY			
	Store-Category Clustering	B	Production	Dual-Path Optimized Model Training & Deployment	Done: Developed and deployed parallel model training workflows for distinct internal and external data contexts, including automated optimal hyperparameter tuning and model selection methodologies.		M	2 Wks	Q2	JY			
	Macro	B	Fine-Tuning	Feature engineering for footfall data	Footfall is impactful, but need to create "un-leaky" features (e.g., Footfall / Population vs. Raw Footfall)		H	3	Q2	BCG, JY		Exploration with go/no-go	
	Macro	B	Fine-Tuning	Expand external features	Rx data (e.g., acute) and CM review ideas		H	3	Q2	BCG, JY	Mkt. Research		
	Macro	B	Scaling	Model serialization depending on accuracy	Depending on test MAPE select if POG/POG category, High-Low Sales/Overall model formulation should be run		M	Weeks	Q2	BCG			
	Macro	B	Formulation	Include Adjacencies data	IP: Incorporate features for POGs adjacent to understand their impact on sales/constraints in optimization model formulation	Variation; basket analysis; layout & constraints	M	Weeks	Q1	BCG, JY, K	Maria, Bus. Strat	POG scaling plan - expect small/outliers/edge cases	Group these
	Macro	Formulation	Formulation	Adjacencies	Adjacency Halo and influence on productivity, exploration on variance within aisles		M	Weeks	2026	BCG, JY, K	Maria, Bus. Strat	POG scaling plan - expect small/outliers/edge cases	Group these
	Macro	B	Fine-Tuning	Include POG version details	Include additonal POG version data details (e.g., LP,  secure shelf, etc.)	Micro "awareness"	M	3	TBD	TBD	Bus. Strat	LP dependence 	
	Macro	B	Fine-Tuning	Refine hyperparameters	Tune hyperparameters for each POG model granularity		M	2	Q1	BCG		POG scaling plan - expect small/outliers/edge cases	
	Macro	W	Scaling	Scale to all POGs and more stores	Generate productivity curves and optimization for all POGs and more stores		M	2	Q2	BCG	Maria, Bus. Strat	POG scaling plan - expect small/outliers/edge cases	
	Macro	W	Fine-Tuning	Improve greedy logic	"Aggressiveness" of increase given model performance. Allocation to highest incremental; where the POG width is available		M	3	Q2	BCG			
	Macro	B	Scaling	[Placeholder task to answer more complex seasonal business questions]			M	10	Q3/4	TBD		Business & Finance dependancy	
	Macro	B	Scaling	[Placeholder task to utilize model for muscle-move use case]			M	10	Q3/4	TBD		Business & Finance dependancy	
	Macro	B	Exploration	Advanced MILP formulation	Depending on constraint feedback, can explore more advanced optimization formulation	Adjacencies	L	Weeks	Q3	TBD		Exploration	
	Macro	B	Scaling	Ingest more historical data	Include historical planogram data before 2023		L	Weeks	Q2	DE	DE		
	Macro	B	Fine-Tuning	Expand pricing features	Competitor pricing (CPI), promo, inventory, etc.	Water-level from pricing	L	2	Q2	K, DE			
	Macro	B	Fine-Tuning	Include brand preception data - NPS	Locate and groom marketing NPS data to help account for brand awareness (e.g., vs. State)	Lack at store level	L	1	Q3/4	TBD			
	Macro	B/W	IT Request	Macro model card	Documentation supporting RAI practices	IT feedback on model card	L	2	Q2	BCG	AI Governance		
	Macro	W	Documentation	Macro documentation	IP: Workplan, slide and notebook documentation and cleaning, code reviews and activities		L	2	Q1	BCG, K, JY		Starting next week	
	Macro	W	Scaling	Parallel Processing	IP: Parallely process greedy optimizaing logic by stores to improve optimization run time		L	3	Q1	JY		Support from DE	
	Macro	W	Formulation	Include DNP instead of gross margin	Include DNP from "Sales Golden Record" (Project Atlas)	IT timelines	L	1	Q2	BCG, DE	Sriram	Will happen when "Atlas/Sales Record" are ready	
	Macro	W	Production	Orchestration and productionalization	IP: Kubeflow and Github testing and integration		L	3	Q2	JY			
	Macro	W	Exploration	Macro awareness of Micro recommendations	Feed Micro recommendations into macro optimization model - new logic and constraints	BAU implications	L/M	Weeks	Q2	BCG		Exploration outside pilot, go-no go; Pilot readiness	
